# This is the code which I produced as part of the Internship Experience UK, under the email address s1812365@ed.ac.uk.

Here is a link to a slideshow detailing the processes behind the code which I have written, which I will also be submitting: https://uoe-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/g/personal/s1812365_ed_ac_uk/EVmlbnG5KA9PtODF7-Hn_R0BHFf4VXkS0Bi49V2cLBgs2w

Below is a piece of self-reflection detailing my work on the project and my feelings about it.
# Self-Reflection on the Task
# Persistence & Research: 
I feel as though I managed rather well in this category. I relied upon research skills developed in academia to find the relevant information about data-structures and the py.test testing apparatus, and implemented much of this information into my code. This was particularly important owing to my unfamiliarity with the class structure within Python (through which the entirety of the application was routed). In terms of persistence, I feel that I demonstrated this in my decision to implement a module for the resetting of global variables between tests, resolving issues that occurred between tests due to the caching of previous values. The confluence of both persistence and research, for me, occurred in my decision to reformat the cvs reader so that it read to an array – this resolved issues that I was having with reading out the relevant video information, and allowed me to lean upon my experience with arrays.

# Knowledge & Comprehension: 
In terms of completing the task, my difficulties were of timing rather than of lack of understanding. The aforementioned issues consumed much of the time I was able to devote to the task, and consequently, completing the playlist commands required spending some more free time beyond the time allotted. However, any knowledge issues stemmed from the generator data-structure, and aside from it I felt confident in my ability to use Python to implement the desired activity for each of the functions. I do not feel as though I had any difficulty comprehending the task, and the testing apparatus, when run through the commandline, gave sufficiently thorough feedback that misinterpreting the task at hand was unlikely.

# Creativity & Design: 
The strict and rigid logical flow required for each function forced me to get somewhat creative as to how to enforce this flow. Obviously, if and else statements were somewhat required for each function, but I used multiple different ways to implement these. Wherever possible, I triggered these if statements via Boolean variables (as this is very efficient), or integer variables. However, there were situations where this was not a viable strategy, and in these cases I used a variety of different strategies to make the if statement work, including nested for loops (suboptimal owing to computation time, but viable), the in operator (facilitated by my decision to convert all the data into an array), and appending to empty lists and iterating over them. These building blocks helped ensure that the code as a whole functioned.

# Code Structure & Clean Code: 
As part of good coding etiquette, I ensured that all of the variables and arrays which I called upon had clearly comprehensible names, ensuring (aided by the clarity of Python as a language) that the code was understandable for an outsider to read. This made the code clean as far as possible. In terms of code structure, I made sure that if statements ran prior to for loops wherever possible, to prevent unnecessary computation and confusion of variable values. I indented as required, and also printed statements as frequently as requested. I avoided repetition of code by creating and calling upon the default_values function.

# Problem Solving, Analysis, Evaluation: 
I feel as though, as stated in the PowerPoint document created, that the challenge gave me the opportunity to develop my skills in this area by giving me a taste of how to use code to solve problems (beyond mathematical ones, the only pace I had encountered such coding challenges before). I feel as though I worked well to solve the problems, the biggest impediment being that the way I structured the code necessitated wholesale changes to the structure of the application as a whole. It was these changes which took up the bulk of my time, as stated, and prevented me from being able to complete all parts of the challenge. Nevertheless, the py.test apparatus validated the code which I produced as correct (after repeatedly failing it for errors in the outputted strings like inadequate spacing that I went back and amended). The challenge demonstrated to me the power of Python as a programming language for industrial applications, and gave an insight into how to leverage that power. I only regret not having the time to attempt more aspects of the challenge (something which I intend to do independently anyway).
